Stepper: add Getting Started (#7318)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Stepper/05 Getting Started with Stepper/15 Customize Steps.md

To learn how to define item templates, refer to [Object Structures - template](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/template/).

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#stepper").dxStepper({
            items: [{
                label: 'Personal Details',
                template: (data) => `
                    <div class='star dx-step-indicator'></div>
                    <div class='dx-step-caption'>
                        <div class='dx-step-label'>${data.label}</div>
                    </div>
                `,
            }, 
            // ...
            ]
        });
    });

    <!-- tab: index.css -->
    .star { 
        aspect-ratio: 1;
        clip-path: polygon(50% 0,79% 90%,2% 35%,98% 35%,21% 90%); 
        box-shadow: 0 0 0 8px #fafafa;
    }

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-stepper

>         [items]="steps">

Reviewer: Better to move closing bracket to next line, currently hard to read. In other steps too

    .star { 
        aspect-ratio: 1;
        clip-path: polygon(50% 0,79% 90%,2% 35%,98% 35%,21% 90%); 
        box-shadow: 0 0 0 8px #fafafa;
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <script setup lang="ts">
        // ...
        const items = reactive([
            { label: 'Personal Details', template: 'star' },
            // ...
        ]);
    </script>
    <template>
        <DxStepper ref="stepperRef" @selection-changed="onSelectionChanged">
            <DxItem
                v-for="(item, index) in items"
                :key="index"
                v-bind="item"
                :template="item.template"
            />
            <template #star="{ data }">
                <div class="star dx-step-indicator"></div>
                <div class="dx-step-caption">
                    <div class="dx-step-label">{{ data.label }}</div>
                </div>
            </template>
        </DxStepper>
    </template>
    <style>
        .star { 
            aspect-ratio: 1;
            clip-path: polygon(50% 0,79% 90%,2% 35%,98% 35%,21% 90%); 
            box-shadow: 0 0 0 8px #fafafa;
        }
    </style>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    // ...

>     const renderFirstItem = (data: StepperTypes.TemplateData) => (

Reviewer: Let's rename it to `renderStarTemplate` or smth similar to align with other frameworks

Specify **items[]**.[template](/api-reference/_hidden/CollectionWidgetItem/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#template') to customize an individual step, or [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#itemTemplate') to customize all steps in the component. This tutorial replaces the first step indicator with a star.

> To learn how to define item templates, refer to [Object Structures - template](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/template/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to define item templates, refer to [Object Structures - template](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/template/).
```
